then the children of Israel did evil in
then the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the Lord so the Lord
the sight of the Lord so the Lord
the sight of the Lord so the Lord delivered them into the hand of Midian
delivered them into the hand of Midian
delivered them into the hand of Midian for seven years and the hand of Midian
for seven years and the hand of Midian
for seven years and the hand of Midian prevailed against Israel because of the
prevailed against Israel because of the
prevailed against Israel because of the Midianites the children of Israel made
Midianites the children of Israel made
Midianites the children of Israel made for themselves the dens the caves and
for themselves the dens the caves and
for themselves the dens the caves and the strongholds which are in the
the strongholds which are in the
the strongholds which are in the mountains so it was whenever Israel had
mountains so it was whenever Israel had
mountains so it was whenever Israel had sown Midianites would come up also
sown Midianites would come up also
sown Midianites would come up also Amalekites and the people of the east
Amalekites and the people of the east
Amalekites and the people of the east would come up against them then they
would come up against them then they
would come up against them then they would in camp against them and destroy
would in camp against them and destroy
would in camp against them and destroy the produce of the earth as far as Gaza
the produce of the earth as far as Gaza
the produce of the earth as far as Gaza and leave no sustenance for Israel
and leave no sustenance for Israel
and leave no sustenance for Israel neither sheep nor ox nor donkey for they
neither sheep nor ox nor donkey for they
neither sheep nor ox nor donkey for they would come up with their livestock and
would come up with their livestock and
would come up with their livestock and their temps coming in as numerous as
their temps coming in as numerous as
their temps coming in as numerous as locusts both they and their camels were
locusts both they and their camels were
locusts both they and their camels were without London and they would enter the
without London and they would enter the
without London and they would enter the land to destroy it so Israel was greatly
land to destroy it so Israel was greatly
land to destroy it so Israel was greatly impoverished because of the Midianites
impoverished because of the Midianites
impoverished because of the Midianites and the children of Israel cried out to
and the children of Israel cried out to
and the children of Israel cried out to the Lord and it came to pass when the
the Lord and it came to pass when the
the Lord and it came to pass when the children of Israel cried out to the Lord
children of Israel cried out to the Lord
children of Israel cried out to the Lord because of the Midianites that the Lord
because of the Midianites that the Lord
because of the Midianites that the Lord sent a prophet to the children of Israel
sent a prophet to the children of Israel
sent a prophet to the children of Israel thus says the Lord God of Israel I
thus says the Lord God of Israel I
thus says the Lord God of Israel I brought you up from Egypt and brought
brought you up from Egypt and brought
brought you up from Egypt and brought you out of the house of bondage and I
you out of the house of bondage and I
you out of the house of bondage and I delivered you out of the hand of the
delivered you out of the hand of the
delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians and out of the hand of all who
Egyptians and out of the hand of all who
Egyptians and out of the hand of all who oppressed you and drove them out before
oppressed you and drove them out before
oppressed you and drove them out before you and gave you their land also I said
you and gave you their land also I said
you and gave you their land also I said to you
to you
to you I am the Lord your God do not fear the
I am the Lord your God do not fear the
I am the Lord your God do not fear the gods of the amur rights and whose land
gods of the amur rights and whose land
gods of the amur rights and whose land you dwell but you have not obeyed my
you dwell but you have not obeyed my
you dwell but you have not obeyed my voice the angel of the Lord came and sat
voice the angel of the Lord came and sat
voice the angel of the Lord came and sat under the terebinth tree which was in
under the terebinth tree which was in
under the terebinth tree which was in Afra which belonged to Jewish the a baes
Afra which belonged to Jewish the a baes
Afra which belonged to Jewish the a baes right while his son Gideon threshed
right while his son Gideon threshed
right while his son Gideon threshed wheat in the winepress in order to hide
wheat in the winepress in order to hide
wheat in the winepress in order to hide it from the Midianites and the angel of
it from the Midianites and the angel of
it from the Midianites and the angel of the Lord appeared to him the Lord is
the Lord appeared to him the Lord is
the Lord appeared to him the Lord is with you you mighty man of Valor o my
with you you mighty man of Valor o my
with you you mighty man of Valor o my lord if the Lord is with us why then has
lord if the Lord is with us why then has
lord if the Lord is with us why then has all this happened to us and where are
all this happened to us and where are
all this happened to us and where are all his miracles which our fathers told
all his miracles which our fathers told
all his miracles which our fathers told us about saying did not the Lord bring
us about saying did not the Lord bring
us about saying did not the Lord bring us up from Egypt but now the Lord has
us up from Egypt but now the Lord has
us up from Egypt but now the Lord has forsaken us and delivered us into the
forsaken us and delivered us into the
forsaken us and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites go on this mite
hands of the Midianites go on this mite
hands of the Midianites go on this mite of yours you shall save Israel from the
of yours you shall save Israel from the
of yours you shall save Israel from the hands of the Midianites have I not sent
hands of the Midianites have I not sent
hands of the Midianites have I not sent you
you
you oh my lord how can I save Israel indeed
oh my lord how can I save Israel indeed
oh my lord how can I save Israel indeed my clan is the weakest in Manasseh and I
my clan is the weakest in Manasseh and I
my clan is the weakest in Manasseh and I am the least in my father's house surely
am the least in my father's house surely
am the least in my father's house surely I will be with you and you shall defeat
I will be with you and you shall defeat
I will be with you and you shall defeat the Midianites as one man if now I have
the Midianites as one man if now I have
the Midianites as one man if now I have found favor in your sight then show me a
found favor in your sight then show me a
found favor in your sight then show me a sign that it is you who talk with me do
sign that it is you who talk with me do
sign that it is you who talk with me do not depart from here I pray until I come
not depart from here I pray until I come
not depart from here I pray until I come to you and bring out my offering and set
to you and bring out my offering and set
to you and bring out my offering and set it before I will wait until you come
it before I will wait until you come
it before I will wait until you come back
so Gideon went in and prepared a young
so Gideon went in and prepared a young goat and unleavened bread from the ephah
goat and unleavened bread from the ephah
goat and unleavened bread from the ephah of flat the meat he put in a basket and
of flat the meat he put in a basket and
of flat the meat he put in a basket and he put the broth in a pot and he brought
he put the broth in a pot and he brought
he put the broth in a pot and he brought them out to him under the terebinth tree
them out to him under the terebinth tree
them out to him under the terebinth tree and presented them the angel of God said
and presented them the angel of God said
and presented them the angel of God said to him take the meat and the unleavened
to him take the meat and the unleavened
to him take the meat and the unleavened bread and lay them on this rock and pour
bread and lay them on this rock and pour
bread and lay them on this rock and pour out the broth and he did so then the
out the broth and he did so then the
out the broth and he did so then the angel of the Lord put out the end of the
angel of the Lord put out the end of the
angel of the Lord put out the end of the staff that was in his hand and touched
staff that was in his hand and touched
staff that was in his hand and touched the meat and the unleavened bread and
the meat and the unleavened bread and
the meat and the unleavened bread and the fire rose out of the rock and
the fire rose out of the rock and
the fire rose out of the rock and consumed the meat and the unleavened
consumed the meat and the unleavened
consumed the meat and the unleavened bread and the angel of the Lord departed
bread and the angel of the Lord departed
bread and the angel of the Lord departed out of his sight now Gideon perceived
out of his sight now Gideon perceived
out of his sight now Gideon perceived that he was the angel of the Lord alas o
that he was the angel of the Lord alas o
that he was the angel of the Lord alas o Lord God for I have seen the angel of
Lord God for I have seen the angel of
Lord God for I have seen the angel of the Lord face to face peace be with you
the Lord face to face peace be with you
the Lord face to face peace be with you do not fear you shall not die so gideon
do not fear you shall not die so gideon
do not fear you shall not die so gideon built an altar there to the lord and
built an altar there to the lord and
built an altar there to the lord and called it the lord is peace to this day
called it the lord is peace to this day
called it the lord is peace to this day it is still in Afra of the a by is
it is still in Afra of the a by is
it is still in Afra of the a by is rights now it came to pass the same
rights now it came to pass the same
rights now it came to pass the same night that the Lord said to him take
night that the Lord said to him take
night that the Lord said to him take your father's young ball the second bull
your father's young ball the second bull
your father's young ball the second bull of seven years old and tear down the
of seven years old and tear down the
of seven years old and tear down the altar of Bale that your father has and
altar of Bale that your father has and
altar of Bale that your father has and cut down the wooden image that is beside
cut down the wooden image that is beside
cut down the wooden image that is beside it and build an altar to the Lord your
it and build an altar to the Lord your
it and build an altar to the Lord your God on top of this rock in the proper
God on top of this rock in the proper
God on top of this rock in the proper arrangement and take the second ball and
arrangement and take the second ball and
arrangement and take the second ball and offer a burnt sacrifice with the wood of
offer a burnt sacrifice with the wood of
offer a burnt sacrifice with the wood of the image but you shall cut down so
the image but you shall cut down so
the image but you shall cut down so Gideon took ten men from among his
Gideon took ten men from among his
Gideon took ten men from among his servants and did as the Lord had said to
servants and did as the Lord had said to
servants and did as the Lord had said to him but because he feared his father's
him but because he feared his father's
him but because he feared his father's household and the men of the city too
household and the men of the city too
household and the men of the city too much to do it by day he did it by night
much to do it by day he did it by night
much to do it by day he did it by night and when the men of the city arose early
and when the men of the city arose early
and when the men of the city arose early in the morning there was the altar of
in the morning there was the altar of
in the morning there was the altar of bail torn down
bail torn down
bail torn down and the wooden image that was beside it
and the wooden image that was beside it
and the wooden image that was beside it was cut down and the second bull was
was cut down and the second bull was
was cut down and the second bull was being offered on the altar which had
being offered on the altar which had
being offered on the altar which had been built so they said to one another
been built so they said to one another
been built so they said to one another who has done this thing and when they
who has done this thing and when they
who has done this thing and when they had inquired and asked they said Gideon
had inquired and asked they said Gideon
had inquired and asked they said Gideon the son of joash has done this thing and
the son of joash has done this thing and
the son of joash has done this thing and the men of the city said to Josh bring
the men of the city said to Josh bring
the men of the city said to Josh bring out your son that he may die because he
out your son that he may die because he
out your son that he may die because he has torn down the altar of bail and
has torn down the altar of bail and
has torn down the altar of bail and because he has cut down the wooden image
because he has cut down the wooden image
because he has cut down the wooden image that was beside it
that was beside it
that was beside it but Jewish said to all who stood against
but Jewish said to all who stood against
but Jewish said to all who stood against him would you plead for bail would you
him would you plead for bail would you
him would you plead for bail would you save them let the one who would plead
save them let the one who would plead
save them let the one who would plead for him be put to death by morning if he
for him be put to death by morning if he
for him be put to death by morning if he is a god let him plead for himself
is a god let him plead for himself
is a god let him plead for himself because his altar has been torn down
because his altar has been torn down
because his altar has been torn down therefore on that day he called him
therefore on that day he called him
therefore on that day he called him cherub Bale saying let Bale plead
cherub Bale saying let Bale plead
cherub Bale saying let Bale plead against him because he has torn down his
against him because he has torn down his
against him because he has torn down his altar and all the Midianites and
altar and all the Midianites and
altar and all the Midianites and Amalekites the people of the east
Amalekites the people of the east
Amalekites the people of the east gathered together and they crossed over
gathered together and they crossed over
gathered together and they crossed over and encamped in the valley of Jezreel
but the Spirit of the Lord came upon
but the Spirit of the Lord came upon Gideon then he blew the trumpet and the
Gideon then he blew the trumpet and the
Gideon then he blew the trumpet and the a by his rights gathered behind him and
a by his rights gathered behind him and
a by his rights gathered behind him and he sent messengers throughout all
he sent messengers throughout all
he sent messengers throughout all Manasseh who also gathered behind him he
Manasseh who also gathered behind him he
Manasseh who also gathered behind him he also sent messengers to Asher Zebulun
also sent messengers to Asher Zebulun
also sent messengers to Asher Zebulun and Naphtali and they came up to meet
and Naphtali and they came up to meet
and Naphtali and they came up to meet them so Gideon said to God if you will
them so Gideon said to God if you will
them so Gideon said to God if you will save Israel by my hand as you have said
save Israel by my hand as you have said
save Israel by my hand as you have said look I shall put the fleece of wool on
look I shall put the fleece of wool on
look I shall put the fleece of wool on the threshing floor if there is dew on
the threshing floor if there is dew on
the threshing floor if there is dew on the fleece only and it is dry and all
the fleece only and it is dry and all
the fleece only and it is dry and all the ground then I shall know that you
the ground then I shall know that you
the ground then I shall know that you will save Israel by my hand as you have
will save Israel by my hand as you have
will save Israel by my hand as you have said and it was so
when he rose early the next morning and
when he rose early the next morning and squeezed the fleece together he wrung
squeezed the fleece together he wrung
squeezed the fleece together he wrung the dew out of the fleece a bowl full of
the dew out of the fleece a bowl full of
the dew out of the fleece a bowl full of water then Gideon said to God do not be
water then Gideon said to God do not be
water then Gideon said to God do not be angry with me but let me speak just once
angry with me but let me speak just once
angry with me but let me speak just once more
more
more let me test I pray just once more with
let me test I pray just once more with
let me test I pray just once more with the fleece let it now be dry only on the
the fleece let it now be dry only on the
the fleece let it now be dry only on the fleece but on all the ground let there
fleece but on all the ground let there
fleece but on all the ground let there be do and God did so that night it was
be do and God did so that night it was
be do and God did so that night it was dry on the fleece only but there was jus
dry on the fleece only but there was jus
dry on the fleece only but there was jus on all the ground
on all the ground
on all the ground you